This is all the crimes of your royal family
You will continue to act
Can't say can't say
Did the four major financial groups join forces to poison the grandfather?
Hahahahaha what is it?
It's because of your grandfather
About to become the president of the Wentian Teacher Chamber of Commerce
What home do you want to study?
Who is eligible
It seems
You don't know the big shot behind your grandfather
Then my grandfather
Promise me
He
But he really can't return it.
Four major consortia
Every day I beat my head for the position of president
fart
My grandfather loved pride.
No Complaints Adventure
you
For something that didn't happen
Go kill the ruthless
Anything that threatens the interests of the consortium
Should be strangling and biting me
Ah!
Ahhhh!